Updates to check guidelines script (speed improvements and adapted to the new copyright formats) (#2101)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: .github/scripts/README.md

Reviewer: This we should change to `python3 .github/scripts/check_guideline.py`, because the way it is now, it doesn't find the script since it needs to be run in hdl/

Reviewer: Same here, to change to ./github/scripts/check_guideline.py

If `-e` option is added, the script can update the year range.

##### 1.2 License body validation

For files with a `Short identifier:` tag on the line after the copyright, the script
validates the full license body text against the corresponding reference file:

>   * `Short identifier: ADIBSD` -> validated against `LICENSE_ADIBSD`
>   * `Short identifier: ADIJESD204` -> validated against `LICENSE_ADIJESD204`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `Short identifier: ADIBSD` -> validated against `LICENSE_ADIBSD` file
  * `Short identifier: ADIJESD204` -> validated against `LICENSE_ADIJESD204` file
```

> If no short identifier is present, the script checks for the old dual-license
> (GPL + ADIBSD) header text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no short identifier is present, the script checks for the dual-license
(GPL + ADIBSD) header text.
```

> SPDX-License-Identifier cannot be used for ADIBSD or ADIJESD204 licenses; the full
> license text is required. The script flags any file using
> `SPDX-License-Identifier: ADIBSD` or `SPDX-License-Identifier: ADIJESD204`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning:For ADIBSD or ADIJESD204 licenses the full license text is required, and SPDX short identifier is not allowed!
```
